Update 2.4.0 changelog (#6446)
freedomofpress/securedrop: changelog.md

* Refactored application CSS and updated Source Interface design (#6322, #6362, #6315, #6419, #6429)
* Updated code to remove Flask and Jinja2 deprecation warnings (#6245)
* Simplified templates using jinja2 expression-statement extension (#6378)
* Updated filesystem_id fields to be non-nullable (#6350)
* Updated gnupg commands to use direct trust model (#6397)
* Replaced potentially offensive terms in wordlists (#6402)
* Gracefully emit errors when configured languages are unavailable (#6406)
* Fixed broken link to download Tor Browser on Tor2Web interstitial (#6393, #6430)

> * Add locale for Portugese (Portgual), with the language code `pt_PT` (#6156)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add locale for Portuguese (Portugal), with the language code `pt_PT` (#6156)
```

Though we can also revisit this once we're sure `pt_PT` will reach coverage (as we've discussed out of band)!

Author: I'm so embarrassed and mostly annoyed that I spelled these wrong ._.
